docs/home.md, before:

# better-interactions

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/924871439776108544?color=blue&label=discord&style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.gg/Y78bpT5aNv) [![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/interactions-better-components?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pypi.org/project/better-interactions/)

Better interactions for interactions.py

Join the [Discord server](https://discord.gg/Y78bpT5aNv) to ask questions, get help, or to discuss the project!

## Installation

```bash
pip install -U better-interactions
```

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [What is this library?](#what-is-this-library)
- [What does this have?](#what-does-this-have)
  - [Subcommands](#subcommands)
  - [Better commands](#better-commands)
  - [Better components](#better-components)
  - [Better callbacks](#better-callbacks)
  - [Cooldown](#cooldown)

## What is this library?

This is `better-interactions`, a library for `interactions.py` which modifies interactions, and adds useful helper functions and models.

## What does this have?

Listed below are all the features this library currently has:

- [Subcommands](#subcommands)
- [Better commands](#better-commands)
- [Better components](#better-components)
- [Better callbacks](#better-callbacks)
- [Cooldown](#cooldown)

---------------------

## [API Reference](./API-Reference)

[![API Reference](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-Reference-blue.svg)](./API-Reference)

## Subcommands

Subcommands are technically options for commands, meaning to make subcommands, you may need long chains of options and if/elif/else conditionals.

This library provides a way to make subcommands, similar to subcommands in `discord-py-interactions<=3.0.2`.

Click [here](./Subcommands) to see more information and examples on subcommands!

## Better commands

Better commands are commands that have a default name and description, and the ability to typehint options.

Click [here](./Better-commands) to see more information and examples on better commands!

## Better components

Improved `Button`, `SelectMenu`, and `ActionRow` components, with error correction, `spread_to_rows`, and more.

Click [here](./Better-components) to see more information and examples on better components!

## Better callbacks

The new component and modal callbacks are modified so you can enable checking if the `custom_id` of the component or model starts with the one provided in the decorator, or use regex.

Click [here](./Better-callbacks) to see more information and examples on better callbacks!

## Cooldown

The `cooldown` decorator is a simple and easy way to add a cooldown or slowmode to a command, with customization.

Credit to [@dontbanmeplz](https://github.com/dontbanmeplz) for the original code.

Click [here](./Cooldown) to see more information and examples on cooldown!

Commit message:

refactor!: rebrand from better-interactions to enhanced BREAKING: All functions and classes prefixed with "better" are now prefixed with "enhanced"

docs/home.md, after:

# Enhanced

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/924871439776108544?color=blue&label=discord&style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.gg/Y78bpT5aNv) [![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/enhanced?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://pypi.org/project/enhanced/)

Enhanced interactions for interactions.py

Join the [Discord server](https://discord.gg/Y78bpT5aNv) to ask questions, get help, or to discuss the project!

## Installation

```bash
pip install -U enhanced
```

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [What is this library?](#what-is-this-library)
- [What does this have?](#what-does-this-have)
  - [Subcommands](#subcommands)
  - [Enhanced commands](#enhanced-commands)
  - [Enhanced components](#enhanced-components)
  - [Enhanced callbacks](#enhanced-callbacks)
  - [Cooldown](#cooldown)

## What is this library?

This is `enhanced`, a library for `interactions.py` which modifies interactions, and adds useful helper functions and models.

## What does this have?

Listed below are all the features this library currently has:

- [Subcommands](#subcommands)
- [Enhanced commands](#enhanced-commands)
- [Enhanced components](#enhanced-components)
- [Enhanced callbacks](#enhanced-callbacks)
- [Cooldown](#cooldown)

---------------------

## [API Reference](./API-Reference)

[![API Reference](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-Reference-blue.svg)](./API-Reference)

## Subcommands

Subcommands are technically options for commands, meaning to make subcommands, you may need long chains of options and if/elif/else conditionals.

This library provides a way to make subcommands, similar to subcommands in `discord-py-interactions<=3.0.2`.

Click [here](./Subcommands) to see more information and examples on subcommands!

## Enhanced commands

Enhanced commands are commands that have a default name and description, and the ability to typehint options.

Click [here](./Enhanced-commands) to see more information and examples on enhanced commands!

## Enhanced components

Improved `Button`, `SelectMenu`, and `ActionRow` components, with error correction, `spread_to_rows`, and more.

Click [here](./Enhanced-components) to see more information and examples on enhanced components!

## Enhanced callbacks

The new component and modal callbacks are modified so you can enable checking if the `custom_id` of the component or model starts with the one provided in the decorator, or use regex.

Click [here](./Enhanced-callbacks) to see more information and examples on enhanced callbacks!

## Cooldown

The `cooldown` decorator is a simple and easy way to add a cooldown or slowmode to a command, with customization.

Credit to [@dontbanmeplz](https://github.com/dontbanmeplz) for the original code.

Click [here](./Cooldown) to see more information and examples on cooldown!
